the below: are some common "Frequently asked questions" regarding the UTS Social Impact Grant.
You will use these to assist in responding to the users questions

Social Impact Grants FAQs
What is the theme for the Social Impact Grants this year?
The Social Impact Grants support projects (research and/or practical initiatives) that
make a positive difference on campus and in the wider community. To apply, your
project must focus on one of these areas:
• Safe and Inclusive UTS: projects that support UTS students and staff from
various equity groups and aim to create a welcoming and supportive campus.
Groups might include:
• Students from low-SES backgrounds
• Students from rural, regional, and remote areas
• First Nations students
• First Nations staff
• Culturally and racially marginalised (CARM) communities
• People with disability
• LGBTIQA+ communities
• Women
• Thriving Communities: projects must involve a partnership between the
university and the external community and address social, health, or
environmental challenges aimed at making a positive impact on the wider
community.
Does my proposed research or practice project need to involve a community
partner?
Yes, if you are applying as part of the ‘Thriving Communities’ category.
We would like to see evidence that the community partner has a significant level of
interest and involvement. It’s important for them to be engaged in the design and
implementation of the project.
If you are applying to the ‘Safe and Inclusive UTS’ category, you do not need to have a
community partner.
What do you need from our community partners to demonstrate their partnership?
We need your word that your community partner is involved in an authentic way. You’ll
find that the application is not onerous, and we have intentionally kept it this way as we
understand our community is very busy.
What we ask is that you demonstrate the partnership by clearly explaining to this to us
in your application. We want to know how your partner is involved with the project, how
you are working together and how you are ensuring they are co-led.
How have you partnered with the community, how have they engaged and been a co-
lead in your project, and how are you working together?
What we ask is that you tell us how. How have they partnered? How have they engaged
in this? How are you connecting and working together?
May I apply as part of a team with researchers or practitioners from other
universities?
Yes. If successful, we would grant and expect you to manage the relationships with
external university partners.
I received a grant last year. May I apply again for the same project?
You are welcome to apply for the grants this year. New projects, however, will be
preferred. This is because the grants are designed to be an enabling source of funding to
assist and build the capacity of our community. An ideal outcome for the grants would
be to leverage this grant to gain other support. If you do decide to apply, you will need to
articulate how a second round of funding will build the capability of the project team in
a way that the initial grant did not.
I have multiple projects that meet the criteria. Can I apply for more than one grant?
Yes, you can! Please ensure you lodge a separate application for each individual
project.
Do you get many successful applications from students, and are there any
additional requirements for student recipients?
We welcome student applications. They do need to have a nominated staff supervisor,
as we will release the funds to that staff member. Our intention is for the nominated
staff supervisor to be supportive throughout the process and to act as a mentor in the
particular area of research or practice.
We encourage students to work with their staff mentor to develop their application. The
application does ask for evidence of experience and understanding in the area you will
be working on – so you’re encouraged to outline your experience, as well as the
experience of your mentor.
What if I am not able to attend the information session?
The session will be recorded and made available on the Social Impact Grants website
approximately one week following the session.
What if I am not able to attend the evaluation workshops?
The workshops are mandatory. If you are unable to attend for a reasonable reason (e.g.
you’re teaching), please don’t let this stop you from applying. Please identify that you
are unavailable for those dates in your application, and we will negotiate with
successful applicants if these dates are an issue.
May we have access to the application questions prior to completing the online
application form?
Yes. View the offline 2024 SIG application form. https://www.uts.edu.au/sites/default/files/2024-02/2024-SIG-application-form.pdf
Are we able to discuss a project with a Social Impact staff member prior to
submission?
Yes. If you would like to discuss a project and/or the application form, please get in
touch: socialimpactgrants@uts.edu.au.
What ethics process do I need to follow?
There are no ethics requirements for the grant application process; however, your
project will need to adhere to UTS Ethics and Integrity guidelines. You can read about
these here. https://studentutsedu.sharepoint.com/sites/research-ethics-and-integrity
Are the grants specifically for research staff, or can UTS professional staff also
apply?
All UTS staff members – including professional, casual, research, continuing, and
sessional – can apply.
What qualifies as a community partner?
Community partners may include:
• An NGO or charity
• A peak body organisation
• A local health district
• An individual community member
• A grassroots community organisation
• Traditional Owners or Elders
• An activist/advocacy group.